Date: 2014-10-14
This is the metadata file that explains the attributes for the wld_trs_supplyroutes_wfp layer: Supply routes
Any attributes which are blank or '0' had no data entered at the time of realease.
Please contribute by giving your inputs at omep.gis@wfp.org or connect on http://geonode.wfp.org/


Category: Transportation
Shape: Line

Schema and Attribute Details:

wld_trs_supplyroutes_wfp
------------------------

	objectid integer NOT NULL: ArcGIS ID
	nameportion character varying(100): Portion name of 1 part of the corridor (origin - destination)
	routetype character varying(25): Corridor/Route type
			Unknown
			Road
			Railway
			Sea
			Air
			Waterway
	routeclass character varying(25): Corridor/route class
			Unknown
			Primary
			Secondary
	namecorridor character varying(100): Name of the main corridor (Entry point until EDP)
	iso3 character varying(5): ISO3 code of the country where the feature is located. This field is calculated automatically at the database level with the bnd_adm0_a_ungiwg_2012 layer
	iso3_op character varying(25): List of ISO3 code (separated with a character '-' or ','). Use to quickly filter the data for the features of interest for 1 operation. 1 feature could be located in 1 country but be an asset for the operation of another country (for example an office delocalized for security reason in the neighbor country or a warehouse used for storage for several countries). Exceptionnally, it happens that the code do not refer to an iso3 code of a country but to the name of an operation (Ebola, Haiyan...)
	wfpregion character varying(4): WFP Region of the feature (Calculated automatically from the geometry and the WFP presence layer)
			OMB
			OMC
			OMD
			OMJ
			OMN
			OMP
	status character varying(25): Supply route status
			Unknown
			Open
			Closed
			Planned
	surfacetype character varying(25): Surface of the supply route (only for Roads type)
	surfacecondition character varying(25): Surface condition(only for Roads type)
			Unknown
			Good
			Average
			Bad
	seasonal character varying(25): Is the route impacted by seasons?
			Unknown
			Yes
			No
	practicability character varying(25): Practicability of the route (only for roads)
	distancekm integer: Distance (in km)
	traveltime integer: Travel time in minutes
	transitcapacitymt numeric(10,2): Transit capacity in MT that the route could handle
	shapelength numeric(20,16): GIS calculation of the length
	lastcheckdate timestamp without time zone: Date of the last check of all (or a part) of the attributes. The date has to be specified manually during the edits
	remarks character varying(1000): Notes/Description/Remarks - The user is free to enter any information that is necessary but cannot be stored in the others fields
	source character varying(254): Source of the information. It could be the source of the geometry or the source of the main attributes. Several sources can be accepted for the same feature(list of names)
	createdate timestamp without time zone: Date when the feature has been created. Calculated automatically at the database level while saving (commit) the edits.
	updatedate timestamp without time zone: Date of the last update. Calculated automatically at the database level while saving (commit) the edits. Different of the lastcheckdate because the user can forget to specify the date manually or because sometimes we can do a quick edit (for example change the status or correct misspelling) without checking all attributes.
	shape geometry: Geometry
  
  
